# Rock to Spock!

**Code Institute** Learner Project 02

## Site Overview

Rock to Spock is my take on the classic Rock, Paper, Scissors game with the added rules from the popular TV show:

**The Big Bang Theory**

The aim of the site is to allow the user to play rock, Paper, Scissors, Lizard, Spock agaianst the Computer to determine the winner of the game, the first to reach the score limit of 10 Wins!.

### The Rules

The rules of the game are as follows: 
- Rock crushes Scissors
- Scissors cuts Paper
- Paper covers Rock
- Rock crushes Lizard
- Lizard poisons Spock
- Spock smashes Scissors
- Scissors decapetate Lizard
- Lizard eats Paper
- Paper disproves Spock
- Spock vaporizes Rock

### Technologies and Challenges
For this project I used a combination of HTML, CSS and JavaScript for the design and functionality of this game. This is my first project using JavaScript and it came with many challenges but overall I'm proud of the result. 

During this project, I faced issues with the JavaScript just not working, and had to watch many tutorials to get explanations of why functions weren't behaving the way I had hoped.

A future implementation I would like to achieve with this project is to make it payable between two users as an option rather than just playing against the computer.

# Table of Contents
1. [Site Overview](#site-overview)
2. [Planning Stage](#planning-stage)
	* [Target Audience](#target-audience)
 	* [Site Aims](#site-aims)
	* [Colour Scheme](#colour-scheme)
	* [Typography](#typography)

## Planning Stage

### Target Audience
The target audience of this site are:
* People that like to play games against the computer on the internet without the need for friends.
* People that enjoy The Big Bang Theory.
* People that like the game Rock Paper Scissors.

### Site Aims
The site aims to give the user the ability to play Rock Paper Scissors Lizard Spock whenever they feel like playing.

### Colour Scheme
The colour scheme I used for this site was auto-generated by the Coolors app, which is an app, and website that will generate random colours that work well together. 

The colours I used for the overall site as generated by the app are: 
	
* Charcoal
	- `#364256`
	- `rgb(54, 65, 86)`
* Oxford Blue
	- `#011638`
	- `rgb(1, 22, 56)`
* Light Gray
	- `#CDCDCD`
	- `rgb(205, 205, 205)`
* Honeydew
	- `#DFF8EB`
	- `rgb(223, 248, 235)`
* Brunswick Green
	- `#214E34`
	- `rgb(33, 78, 52)`

Additionally, I used extra colours for the borders of the buttons to indicate whether the player won, lost or drew, thes colours are:

* Red
	- `#fc121b`
	- `#d01115`
* Green
	- `#4dcc7d`
	- `#31b43a`
* Gray
	- `#464647`
	- `#25292b`


### Typography

For the project I used the font Press Start 2P which I found while searching on [Goolgle Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/). I chose this font as it has reminds me of a retro game design which seemed fitting for my first more gamified project.
[Screenshot of my title](./assets/images/title.jpeg). 

